# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements-dev.in -o requirements-dev.txt
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via geoip2
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipython
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   channels
    #   django
    #   django-countries
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via
    #   django-prices
    #   enmerkar
    #   prices
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via htmldocx
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
bleach==6.1.0
    # via
    #   django-legal-advice-builder
    #   froide-govplan
brotli==1.1.0
    # via fonttools
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-email
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   froide
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   weasyprint
    #   webp
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
channels==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
chardet==5.2.0
    # via reportlab
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   geocoder
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
coverage==7.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   django-coverage-plugin
cron-descriptor==1.4.3
    # via django-celery-beat
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fido2
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pgpy
    #   pyopenssl
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   svglib
    #   weasyprint
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
    #   ratelim
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via pikepdf
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
dj-database-url==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
django==4.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-admin-sortable2
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-email
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-cms
    #   django-configurations
    #   django-contrib-comments
    #   django-crossdomainmedia
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-entangled
    #   django-filer
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-leaflet
    #   django-legal-advice-builder
    #   django-localflavor
    #   django-logentry-admin
    #   django-mfa3
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-parler
    #   django-payments
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-prices
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   django-tinymce
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangocms-admin-style
    #   djangocms-alias
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-versioning
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-spectacular-sidecar
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   enmerkar
    #   froide
    #   sortabletable
django-admin-sortable2==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide-campaign
    #   froide-govplan
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via django-celery-email
django-celery-beat==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-email==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-classy-tags==4.1.0
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   django-sekizai
django-cms==4.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-alias
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-audio
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-icon
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   djangocms-transfer
    #   djangocms-versioning
    #   djangocms-video
    #   froide-govplan
    #   sortabletable
django-configurations==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
django-contractor @ git+https://github.com/stefanw/django-contractor.git@92947c51ba23da365449f644ffa7cfc0ca433d70#egg=django-contractor
    # via -r requirements.in
django-contrib-comments==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-countries==7.6.1
    # via froide-payment
django-coverage-plugin==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-crossdomainmedia==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
django-debug-toolbar==4.4.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-elasticsearch-dsl==8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
django-entangled==0.5.4
    # via djangocms-frontend
django-filer==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-audio
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
    #   froide-govplan
django-filingcabinet @ git+https://github.com/okfde/django-filingcabinet.git@1f97274ce2f08dd287e00d0b1e1f62bc730cd482#egg=django-filingcabinet
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fcdocs-annotate
    #   froide
django-filter==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   froide
    #   froide-campaign
django-floppyforms==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via django-cms
django-fsm==2.8.2
    # via
    #   djangocms-versioning
    #   froide-legalaction
django-json-widget==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
django-leaflet==0.30.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-legal-advice-builder @ git+https://github.com/fragdenstaat/django-legal-advice-builder.git@41e220bf36b65b6415ac2b5b8843d730ec4dc161#egg=django_legal_advice_builder
    # via -r requirements.in
django-localflavor==4.0
    # via froide-payment
django-logentry-admin==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mfa3==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide-govplan
django-oauth-toolkit==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide-govplan
django-parler==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-alias
    #   froide
django-payments==2.0.0
    # via froide-payment
django-phonenumber-field==8.0.0
    # via django-payments
django-polymorphic==3.1.0
    # via django-filer
django-prices==2.3.0
    # via froide-payment
django-sekizai==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cms
django-storages==1.14.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
django-taggit==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   froide
django-timezone-field==7.0
    # via django-celery-beat
django-tinymce==4.1.0
    # via
    #   django-legal-advice-builder
    #   froide-govplan
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cms
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   django-legal-advice-builder
djangocms-admin-style==3.3.1
    # via django-cms
djangocms-alias==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-attributes-field==3.0.0
    # via
    #   djangocms-audio
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-icon
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
djangocms-audio==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-frontend==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-icon==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-link==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-picture==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-text-ckeditor==5.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-transfer @ git+https://github.com/stefanw/djangocms-transfer.git@4b11bd8039a56ee65aa259355be5671e4ab650d5#egg=djangocms-transfer
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-versioning==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-video==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   froide
    #   froide-campaign
    #   froide-exam
djangorestframework-csv==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
djangorestframework-jsonp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via pyisemail
docopt==0.6.2
    # via num2words
docutils==0.21.2
    # via sphinx
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via froide
drf-spectacular-sidecar==2024.7.1
    # via drf-spectacular
easy-thumbnails==2.9
    # via
    #   django-filer
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   froide
elastic-transport==8.13.1
    # via elasticsearch
elasticsearch==8.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==8.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
enmerkar==0.7.1
    # via django-prices
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-factoryboy
faker==26.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   factory-boy
fcdocs-annotate @ git+https://github.com/okfde/fcdocs-annotate.git@0e017562c0a3da4d2340bc882523b3630f35f4c0#egg=fcdocs_annotate
    # via -r requirements.in
fdfgen==0.16.1
    # via froide-food
feedgen==1.0.0
    # via django-filingcabinet
fido2==1.1.3
    # via django-mfa3
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   torch
    #   virtualenv
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via weasyprint
froide @ git+https://github.com/okfde/froide.git@0c3aa35fa6e09619211c09919ca453e6a1f4e23f#egg=froide
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide-campaign
    #   froide-crowdfunding
    #   froide-exam
    #   froide-fax
    #   froide-food
    #   froide-govplan
    #   froide-legalaction
froide-campaign @ git+https://github.com/okfde/froide-campaign.git@44bbf02aa1c1454f47ea6e94bccaf8bcc46f3b15#egg=froide-campaign
    # via -r requirements.in
froide-crowdfunding @ git+https://github.com/okfde/froide-crowdfunding.git@8549737948f747ed248f73c6536fc9d8e3753ef1#egg=froide-crowdfunding
    # via -r requirements.in
froide-exam @ git+https://github.com/okfde/froide-exam.git@4fe079542c0be0122a56da0439102b6e4e6e5c47#egg=froide-exam
    # via -r requirements.in
froide-fax @ git+https://github.com/okfde/froide-fax.git@09a7bcec76d3da6b2003516a775ed5657a7cc062#egg=froide-fax
    # via -r requirements.in
froide-food @ git+https://github.com/okfde/froide-food.git@464b2364f891d195239c6cfc36fa4e6c7611670c#egg=froide-food
    # via -r requirements.in
froide-govplan @ git+https://github.com/okfde/froide-govplan.git@250888879f1dee7661d948c62baf790d43e0d24d#egg=froide-govplan
    # via -r requirements.in
froide-legalaction @ git+https://github.com/okfde/froide-legalaction.git@1e9be37c15dea7d7326994483ae0af0a230594fb#egg=froide-legalaction
    # via -r requirements.in
froide-payment @ git+https://github.com/okfde/froide-payment.git@cb65efce1c5940a3175912083d77411bf86c6022#egg=froide-payment
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide-crowdfunding
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via torch
future==1.0.0
    # via geocoder
geocoder==1.38.1
    # via froide-food
geographiclib==2.0
    # via geopy
geoip2==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
geopy==2.4.1
    # via froide-food
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via playwright
honcho==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
html-text==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   weasyprint
htmldocx==0.0.6
    # via django-legal-advice-builder
icalendar==5.0.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
identify==2.6.0
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   pytest-factoryboy
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipdb==0.13.13
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
ipython==7.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   ipdb
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   coreschema
    #   sphinx
    #   torch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
kombu==5.3.7
    # via celery
lxml==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   feedgen
    #   html-text
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   pikepdf
    #   python-docx
    #   svglib
lxml-html-clean==0.1.1
    # via
    #   html-text
    #   lxml
markdown==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-legal-advice-builder
    #   froide
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
maxminddb==2.6.2
    # via geoip2
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==3.3
    # via torch
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
num2words==0.5.13
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   torchvision
    #   webp
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   pikepdf
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-factoryboy
    #   sphinx
pandas==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pbr==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pgpy==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
phonenumbers==8.13.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
    #   froide-fax
phonenumberslite==8.13.40
    # via django-phonenumber-field
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pikepdf==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   pikepdf
    #   reportlab
    #   torchvision
    #   weasyprint
    #   webp
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via virtualenv
playwright==1.45.0
    # via pytest-playwright
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==3.7.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prices==1.1.1
    # via
    #   django-prices
    #   froide-payment
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
psycopg==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide-govplan
psycopg-binary==3.2.1
    # via psycopg
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via pgpy
pycodestyle==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.20.0
    # via django-filingcabinet
pydyf==0.11.0
    # via weasyprint
pyee==11.1.0
    # via playwright
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   sphinx
pygtail @ git+https://github.com/okfde/pygtail.git@dac8bc6fc8d65c7ac820806e570242919616e946
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
pyisemail==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via froide-fax
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyotp==2.9.0
    # via django-mfa3
pypdf==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
pyphen==0.15.0
    # via weasyprint
pytest==8.3.1
    # via
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-factoryboy
    #   pytest-playwright
pytest-base-url==2.1.0
    # via pytest-playwright
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-factoryboy==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-playwright==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-crontab==3.2.0
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
    #   feedgen
    #   froide-payment
    #   icalendar
    #   pandas
    #   python-crontab
    #   time-machine
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via htmldocx
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
python-mimeparse==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
python-poppler==0.4.1
    # via django-filingcabinet
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   froide
    #   pytest-playwright
python-stdnum==1.20
    # via django-localflavor
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   icalendar
    #   pandas
pywatchman==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   pre-commit
qrcode==7.3.1
    # via django-mfa3
ratelim==0.1.6
    # via geocoder
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
reportlab==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   svglib
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-payments
    #   froide
    #   froide-fax
    #   froide-food
    #   froide-payment
    #   geocoder
    #   geoip2
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   sphinx
    #   stripe
rpds-py==0.19.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
sentry-sdk==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
setuptools==71.1.0
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   geoip2
    #   ipython
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   geocoder
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sortabletable @ git+https://github.com/stefanw/djangocms-sortabletable.git@b0c0108d4c59182629ccce8fe852c956bf0887a3#egg=sortabletable
    # via -r requirements.in
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.4.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.8
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.8
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.10
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stripe==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-payments
    #   froide-payment
svglib==1.5.1
    # via easy-thumbnails
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tblib==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
time-machine==2.14.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   svglib
    #   weasyprint
torch==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.18.1
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-countries
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   jwcrypto
    #   psycopg
    #   pyee
    #   pytest-factoryboy
    #   python-docx
    #   stripe
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   pandas
unidecode==1.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.26.3
    # via pre-commit
wand==0.6.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filingcabinet
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-legal-advice-builder
    #   froide-fax
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
webp==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
websockets==12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via deprecated
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipstream==1.1.4
    # via django-filingcabinet
zopfli==0.2.3
    # via fonttools
